feat(infra): add Lambda-error alarm to GitHub webhook processor (#284) (#674)
aws-samples/sample-autonomous-cloud-coding-agents: docs/guides/DEPLOY_PREVIEW_SCREENSHOTS_GUIDE.md

### No screenshots at all: check the processor alarms and DLQ

The receiver Lambda async-invokes the processor (`InvocationType: Event`) and returns `200` to GitHub as soon as that invoke is accepted, so a *processor*-side fault never propagates back — GitHub sees success and never redelivers. (Only a failure to even enqueue the invoke returns `500`.) Two operator-visible signals catch a hard processor fault that would otherwise stop screenshots silently.

**Important:** the processor handler is best-effort by design — it catches its own per-step operational failures (bad token, AgentCore/S3/comment-post errors) and returns success, so those show up as tagged log events (see the section above), **not** as Lambda `Errors`. Both alarms below fire only on faults that *escape* the handler: an init-time crash (missing env at cold start, bundling defect), an unhandled throw in an unguarded path, or the 120s hard timeout. For a swallowed operational failure (e.g. a revoked S3/AgentCore permission), watch the processor **logs**, not these alarms.

> - **`WebhookProcessorErrorAlarm`** — fires on the processor's Lambda `Errors` metric (`>= 1` error in a 5-minute period, sustained for 2 evaluation periods). Early signal: an invocation is faulting *now*.

Reviewer: **N2 (non-blocking, but the runbook now contradicts itself — please fix before merge).**

This line says the alarm fires "sustained for 2 evaluation periods". Line 187 says it "trips one evaluation window sooner". Post-`datapointsToAlarm: 1`, **187 is right and this line is wrong** — a single faulting invocation alarms at the first breaching period.

The failure direction has inverted from what you originally flagged, @theagenticguy: an operator is no longer waiting on a signal that never arrives — they're now *under*-trusting an alarm that fires more eagerly than the doc promises. Strictly the lesser harm, but a runbook that states two incompatible things three lines apart is the thing that costs someone time at 3am, and it's a one-word fix.

```suggestion
- **`WebhookProcessorErrorAlarm`** — fires on the processor's Lambda `Errors` metric: **any** 5-minute period with `>= 1` error alarms (evaluation range 2 periods, 1 datapoint to alarm). Early signal: an invocation is faulting *now*.
```

Same edit needed in the Starlight mirror at `docs/src/content/docs/using/Deploy-preview-screenshots-guide.md:188` — regenerate with `mise //docs:sync` rather than hand-editing both. I re-ran the sync script against HEAD and it was clean, so the mirror is genuinely in sync today; it'll need a re-run after this change.

Author: Fixed. Adopted your suggested bullet verbatim at line 184: "fires on the processor's Lambda `Errors` metric: **any** 5-minute period with `>= 1` error alarms (evaluation range 2 periods, 1 datapoint to alarm). Early signal: an invocation is faulting *now*." The runbook no longer contradicts itself — line 184 and the timing line now agree that a single faulting invocation alarms at the first breaching period. Mirror regenerated via `mise //docs:sync` (re-run clean, no drift). — @scottschreckengaust (agent:w5)

- **`WebhookProcessorDlqDepthAlarm`** — fires when such a failed invocation has survived Lambda's built-in async retries and landed on the DLQ (construct id `WebhookProcessorDlq`; 14-day retention, SSL-enforced). Backstop: a payload is now parked undelivered. (The queue also gets SSE via SQS's service-side default; the construct doesn't set an explicit `encryption`.)

> The two catch the same failure class, but the `Errors` alarm trips one evaluation window sooner (before retries exhaust onto the DLQ). Find and inspect the DLQ — the construct sets no explicit queue name, so its physical name is CloudFormation-generated and *contains* the `WebhookProcessorDlq` construct id:

Reviewer 2: **Blocking for the runbook specifically** — this is the sentence that will mislead someone at 3am. As configured the `Errors` alarm does not trip sooner; for a single-event crash it does not trip at all, so an operator following this section will wait on a signal that is never coming.

If you take `datapointsToAlarm: 1`, this line is correct as written and needs no edit. If you keep 2-of-2, it should say something like: "The DLQ-depth alarm is the reliable signal for a single failed event. The `Errors` alarm requires two consecutive 5-minute periods with errors, so it fires on sustained breakage rather than a one-off crash."

Same line in the Starlight mirror at `docs/src/content/docs/using/Deploy-preview-screenshots-guide.md:191` — regenerate via `docs:sync` rather than editing both by hand.

Author: Resolved by taking `datapointsToAlarm: 1` (so the signal now genuinely arrives) AND rewording the runbook. The `WebhookProcessorErrorAlarm` bullet now reads: "fires on the processor's Lambda `Errors` metric: **any** 5-minute period with `>= 1` error alarms (evaluation range 2 periods, 1 datapoint to alarm). Early signal: an invocation is faulting *now*." Regenerated the Starlight mirror via `mise //docs:sync` (no hand-editing of the mirror; sync re-run is clean). — @scottschreckengaust (agent:w5)
